---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/publish/3-daily-logs/2026-01-29/","noteIcon":""}
---



#### Mood & Health

Today started quite well. I was happy to notice improvement in my health.
Early in the morning, however, I started getting quite stressed over all the overdue tasks across multiple projects. It was the worst in mid to late morning. However, towards mid-afternoon the pressure reduced to a tolerable level. 


#### Remarkable events
Could not attend BECA young professionals event due to be being not 100% well. I also promised myself at home, but did not mentioned that to others. Felt a little upset that the others decided to go without me. 
Analysis of core reasons revealed silly emotions that lay outside of professional realm(Code J).

Discovered one overdue payment claim. It was unpleasant to learn that it is due to mine and Holly's fault. Unsure about her view on this situation. It is evident she still doesn't fully own project controls. Need to have a conversation with her about that. Important not to push her away and make sure she understand what we actually mean and want from her.
 - [ ] Talk to Holly P about the RBHS invoice situation



#### Productivity
I have a few major tasks for today: 
- updating principal 1 about delays - done
- updating principal 2 about delays - done
- assessing EOT - not
- catching up on all the CI, VO etc - done
- catch up on close-out tasks from MOE - not

**This leaves me with 3/5 or 60%.**

EOT thing is hanging for a long time, which left me down a bit. On the other hand, I managed to coordinate laundry equipment while driving back, which left me in a god mood.

I also set up the exercise bicycle in the living room and dedicated 20 minutes to it. Feels quite good to start doing at least some physical activity.