---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/publish/1-master-timeline/","tags":["excalidraw"]}
---

==⚠  Switch to EXCALIDRAW VIEW in the MORE OPTIONS menu of this document. ⚠== You can decompress Drawing data with the command palette: 'Decompress current Excalidraw file'. For more info check in plugin settings under 'Saving'


# Excalidraw Data

## Text Elements
Kindy & Primary
0-10
{ #670N10ar}


Liceum
10-20
{ #EAZMJffZ}


Army & Uni
20-25
{ #sIj8vctP}


Work in RU
25-30
{ #qklV6Ybs}


Waikeria Prison
(30-33)
{ #u4y9HnW7}


Octa
(33-35)
{ #EO03nTmR}


Perceived competency
{ #Mh0kVq1N}


Establishment 
of my personality. Developing the basis of charisma and interpersonal skills. Growing as a happy and communicable kid, which is a key element for any people-oriented career path.
{ #WBsKOgbt}


Acquiring numeracy, developing sound judgement of this world. At later stage falling into the rabbit hole of obscure philosophical studies and distancing from "the crowd"
{ #kD27JGp2}


Army service. Brutal collision with the harsh world of "practical" people. Learning the real value of philosophy (minimal) and that not everything must be perfect. Quality is just another metric as time and cost, which helped me to escape the typical Engineer's mindset
{ #T582ItAG}


Starting professional career. Getting to know construction. Discovering I gravitate towards stern, demanding leaders and high-performing teams. Developing work ethics that reflects that. Realising I have aptitude to become a project manager rather than progress as an Engineer. 
{ #aM8skzTH}


Getting into PM field. Exposure to PM role, but limited to coordination. Rapid growth in responsibilities after a certain opportunity proved to me that I am well equipped to be a project manager. Reached glass ceiling. Need to step up into a managerial role.
{ #82XJNSrj}


Instant exposure to a much broader spectre of PM responsibilities. Learning all facets of a project outside of Design Management. Realisation of my strengths and weaknesses as a client-side PM. Mapping out a path to progress to a 100% competency mark.
Confirmation of the career path beyond 100%. 
{ #PCv1mn9w}


25%
{ #UOHWtGQE}


50%
{ #KXDLS8As}


75%
{ #0ljGjESi}


After PM diploma - straight to a very challenging project. Main contractor. A team of 90 managers of various levels. Mediocre managers fail and leave, good managers burn out and leave. Strong managers clash and leave. 80 out of 90 changed in 3 years.  The remaining 10,though, will be my PM examples for the rest of my life. Invaluable experience.
{ #KXpjMxvy}


PM Career
35-40
{ #N8KqGLM9}


100%
{ #TXk0Rjd8}


Increased tangent of the competency curve indicates a need in higher intensity of career development to hit the target 100% by 40 y.o.
In order to achieve this, a more systematic approach was taken to career development. (this vault)
{ #L74yALKx}


